1) When a connection mutes or disconnects, the layla is not 
stopped, which results in the last buffer getting played over 
and over, since it's not cleared. The solution needs to found 
and debugged.
NOTE - part of this is disabling the channel which is a borken
at the moment.  I've emailed Matt.  The code is there to do this
when it works.  In the mean time, I will add code to write zeros
to playback buffers on disconnect.
DONE, but again, the Echo driver hangs, Matt is looking at it.

2) There was badness in connection and format negotiation 
that made MediaRecorder and SoundPlayer not successfully 
connect. Much of that is fixed. However, I had to hack the 
buffer size negotiation because it was screwed up and I 
couldn't figure out how you expected it to work. Needs a 
real fix.
DONE

3) Still need to validate that the channels past the channel 
hooked up to are also available for the what.id == 0 case.
DONE

4) Parameter web!!
DONE

5) Be more flexible about sample rate and data formats; right 
now only 48 kHz/32-bit int works. If a format specifies a sample 
rate, it should be used. If a format specifies int16 or float, some 
data conversion might happen, too.
NOTE - 5 will be taken care of by parameters from 4.
DONE

6) Making it an add-on.
DONE

7) Making the addon_server correctly recognize and save it 
for default input/output and debug that code.
DONE

8) Make it use buffer time stamps and debug that code.
DONE

9) Fix it so it cares about performance time starts/stops.
DONE

10) Fix it so it cares about other time sources.
NOTE - it will stamp/play buffers at the right time, but it does not adjust
the CVSR to compensate for drift yet.

11) Fix STOP_IMMEDIATELY to actually do it (I hacked it to 
stop "soon" but that's not good enough)
DONE, but ForceStop is broken in the Echo driver, Matt is looking at it.

12) Extrapolate back to buffer boundary from frame count and played_real_time
DONE

13) Make it agree on a connection format with the mixer.
DONE

14) Add ability to choose channel to hookup to in media prefs

15) Test the heck out of it

16) Optimized buffer lacing

17) SetOutputBuffers in the cases where it makes sense (possibly)

18) Full parameter web


